---
title: Testimonials
leftBoxes:
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/sinhamadi/status/1067483622465253376?s=21\"></a></blockquote>\n\n When I entered the 2018 RevPit contest, I wasn’t sure what to expect. My manuscript was, I thought, as good and polished as I could make it. But, while the feedback I was getting from agents in response to my queries was positive (I’d had several partial/full manuscript requests), it was clear that something about my story wasn’t working. I was hearing a lot of comments from agents about not being able to “connect” with my main character.\n\nI’m so grateful that Katie McCoach chose my manuscript to work on for RevPit. Katie showed me how to tell the story I was trying to tell in a more effective way, how to raise the stakes and pull a reader in and hold their attention.\n\nAfter 6 weeks of very hard work, I had transformed my story. 2 weeks after that, I signed with an agent. And 3 months after that, my book sold to a Big 5 publisher. Maybe even more importantly, because of my participation in RevPit, I learned things about writing and storytelling that I will carry with me to every one of my future projects.\n\nI’m deeply grateful to all the RevPit editors for creating this amazing opportunity for writers. Thank you!\n\n-Madi Sinha, 2018 Winner, Author of <i>The White Coat Diaries</i>, Rep'd by Jess Watterson at the Sandra Djikstra Agency\n"
    -
        content: "I was selected as a winner for the RevPit contest in 2021. Working with my editor Miranda Darrow was amazing! Her editorial feedback made my manuscript stronger. She had a comprehensive developmental edit letter ready quickly and even created a scene by scene breakdown to help me seamlessly integrate flashbacks in the story. I landed an agent soon after I queried the polished manuscript. We sold The Night of the Storm to Dutton (an imprint of Penguin) at auction.\n\n-Nishita Parekh, 2021 Winner, Rep'd by KLori Galvin at Aevitas Creative Management\n"
    -
        content: "Honestly, I entered #RevPit on a total whim, but not only did I earn an incredible friend for life, I was able to gain experience working with a real editor towards my goals. It was amazing just to be able to speak with someone as enthusiastic about my work as I was and who understood my own vision so clearly, helping guide me towards it. No matter what happens with this book, it's truly an unforgettable experience and I've learned so much that I can apply for the years to come.\n\n-Juli Koen-Alonso, 2022 Winner, Rep'd by Keir Alekseii at Azantian Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "It's so hard to put into words just how amazing #RevPit was for me. It was the first contest I'd ever been chosen for, the first time my work was in front of an editing professional. Carly was incredible from the start, and everything she suggested whipped my book into fighting shape. And I'm giddy to say it, even now, but two months after the showcase, I signed with my agent at the Corvisiero Literary Agency. My writing career literally graduated from amateur to professional in the span of a few months, all because of this contest. And amongst all that, I was lucky enough to connect with several other winners, and we started our very own #PitCrew. A year later, we still talk daily about our writing and home lives. Having their consistent support has helped me improve as a writer more than I can ever say! So if you're still on the fence, don't waste time! #RevPit changed my life. All you have to do is submit!\n\n-Rebecca Thorne, 2017 Winner, Author of <i>The Secrets of Star Whales</i> (Jolly Fish Press) and <i>Can't Spell Treason Without Tea</i>\n"
    -
        content: "RevPit is a unique contest in that you have an experienced editor willing to work with you on a manuscript that isn't perfect. Perfect is boring! The RevPit editors want a novel with heart they can transform and polish, and that was my experience with Katie McCoach. When Katie chose me, yes, I was very excited to have a more presentable manuscript, but what RevPit really did for me was give me confidence. It meant so much to me to know there was someone out there who believed in me and in my work. That is worth way more than a good manuscript.\n\nYou have nothing to lose by submitting to RevPit. If you do end up being chosen, your editor will work with you to push you past your boundaries and make your book the best it can be. But it isn't about \"winning\" or being chosen. It's about learning from extremely generous mentors and making connections with your writing peers. There's so much opportunity to learn and grow. \n\nDO IT!! \n\n-Marisa Urgo, 2017 Winner, Rep'd by Moe Ferrara at Bookends\n"
    -
        content: "RevPit connected me with Kaitlyn Johnson, who took me on as an editing client after the contest, and provided me with immense support and editing help. Jeni Chappelle, too, has continued to give me advice and encouragement through our online friendship that lasted beyond the contest. Moreover, I met many of my writing friends through #ontheporch and other writing hashtags related to RevPit.\n\nContests like these are an amazing way to meet new people, go out of your comfort zone, and take the first vulnerable step towards sharing and polishing your manuscript for real. \n\n-Catherine Bakewell, 2017 Runner-up, Rep'd by Jordan Hamessley at New Leaf Literary\n"
    -
        content: "My experience with RevPit was truly priceless! I learned so much by just following all the query tweets and tips all the editors posted. I was also lucky enough to make it to the top ten of two out of three editors' lists, giving me extra feedback from both. I came in runner up and won a query critique as well as the first 5 pages critique. Honestly, I can't encourage people enough to join! It's an amazing learning experience, as well as, a great way to connect with other authors. Everyone should join.  \n\n-Negeen Papehn, 2017 Runner-up. author of FORBIDDEN BY FAITH, published by Owl City Press, Rep'd by Eva Scalzo Speilburg Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "RevPit helped me gain confidence in my manuscript, and I found my literary agent soon after! More importantly, I made friends with a helpful community of writers that continues to support me with new projects. Ultimately, RevPit is a great opportunity to learn about the query and editing process. If I didn't have a lit agent I would certainly participate in it again this year. Try it - you have nothing to lose and a lot to gain!\n\n-Brenda Yun, 2017 Runner-up, Rep'd by Rachel M Brooks at BookEnds Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "I am so happy I applied to RevPit! I feel like I received not only an invaluable experience in learning how to improve my writing and the specific help I needed to take my manuscript to the next level, I also got to connect with all of the other winners in a really amazing way. We cheer each other on, offer support when needed, and are there to give each other feedback as well. I feel like I'm a part of a true community of writers now and I'm SO excited to see my fellow RevPit alums succeed! Thank you for everything!\n\n-Joanna Volavka, 2022 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "I owe so much gratitude to the editors and participants in RevPit. I immediately connected to the community of writers following the hashtag. After entering, I stalked the #tenqueries, imagining all the positive ones were mine lol. The comments&mdash;criticisms and praises&mdash;were all super helpful and applicable to many facets of a story, so I gained incredible insight simply from the feed. When my name was announced to work with Kaitlyn Johnson, I nearly broke my face in smiles. Kaitlyn was beyond professional and smart about my story. I hadn't even queried my RevPit story, but when the showcase arrived, I was ready to contact agents. Within weeks, I'd found Kortney Price. I'm now on submission with that story. It is stronger because of RevPit, but so is my writing. A great event; an even greater community.\n\n-Ellen Mulholland, 2018 Winner, Rep'd by Kortney Price at Raven Quill Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "My experience as a RevPit runner-up was life-changing. Sione Aeschlimon, the mentor who chose me as a runner-up, became the editor for my manuscript, Pairs With: Life, and her edits were invaluable. Sione also referred me to a top-notch copy editor, who helped clean up my manuscript to make it suitable for submission. And all the hard work paid off: in late January of this year (yes, like literally last week), I signed with John Talbot of The Talbot Fortune Agency in New York.\n\n-John Taylor, 2018 Runner-up, Rep'd by John Talbot at Talbot Fortune Agency\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/ellemarr_/status/1105479702871859201\"></a></blockquote>\n\n-Elle Marr, 2017 Winner, Rep'd by Jill Marr at Sandra Dijkstra Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "I first heard about RevPit in January of last year. I was knee-deep in the muddy middle of my MG murder mystery and needed a big push to finish. My critique partner and I set a goal to finish and exchange stories by the end of February. March turned into a mad dash to edit and revise based on feedback. When April rolled around, I was ready for the big day of the contest. RevPit is a great community of writers and editors encouraging each other.\n\nAfter the announcement on Twitter that my story THE INK AND PAPER SOCIETY landed runner-up, I did a major happy dance! After applying more feedback from the editors of RevPit, I finally starting subbing this manuscript to agents. I'm happy to say that in August of 2018 I signed with Britt Siess of Martin Literary Management! Now, my murder mystery is about to go out on submission. Hopefully, it will pop up on bookshelves in the future! If you have any doubts about submitting, make sure your work is your very best and then hit send.\n\n-Jennifer Hawes, 2018 Runner-up, Rep'd by Britt Siess at Martin Literary Management\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">I was picked in the <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/revpit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#revpit</a> <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/10queries?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#10queries</a> mini event and it was super helpful! Not only my own critique by <a href=\"https://twitter.com/KyleLiterally?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">@KyleLiterally</a> , but the posts by all the editors made me look at my query and first pages in a different way. And I signed up for the <a href=\"https://twitter.com/ReedsyHQ?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">@ReedsyHQ</a> class! Looking forward to it.</p>&mdash; S.M. Roffey (@Songmaiden) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/Songmaiden/status/968269045832265729?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 26, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/HenkeSheala/status/990222385058988032\"></a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "Being a winner in the 2017 contest made a massive difference in my writing, and in the direction I'm taking my writing career. The novel that landed me this win was my first ever, \"Zen and the Art of Dying.\" I recently published it on KDP, and in two weeks it rocketed to #46 in time travel/sci-fi, its main category, on Amazon. I contemplated waiting a while to write this testimonial, because I'm confident it'll reach the top ten within the next couple weeks or so. But the showcase is coming up soon, and other writers like me need to know what a great experience this was. Even if I hadn't won and been paired with such a brilliant editor (Sione Aeschliman), the process and experience of submitting helped me improve my craft considerably. Whenever a friend tells me they're working on a book, I send them your link and encourage them to check it out.\n\n-Jared Wynn, 2017 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">The 3 days I&#39;ve received so far are filled with great content! I&#39;ve enjoyed it and am looking forward to the rest! Thank you to all the contributing <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/RevPit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#RevPit</a> editors!</p>&mdash; CM Fick (@CM_Fick) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/CM_Fick/status/968228872016642048?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 26, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "Entering the contest turned out to be a great way to meet amazing people and learn a ton about writing and editing and working with others. Even if I hadn't won, I would have been glad I entered. My story was significantly better after following my editor's suggestions! And several others from this contest are my CPs and friends still. I am glad I won, believe my story is much better because of it, and am very grateful to you all. \n\n-Rachel Berros, 2017 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "I thought it was wonderful that the editors got together and started their own contest when another contest fell through. Working with Ellen on my book has been a fantastic experience, and I think it's great there are opportunities like this out there to help us as authors make that final push on a manuscript.\n\n-T. James Belich, 2017 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">First time participating in <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/RevPit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#RevPit</a>, and it was helpful even though I wasn't selected. Would be nice to see feedback on more genres (majority YA) but that's hard with a random drawing for winners. Thanks to everyone involved!!</p>&mdash; Anne Jones (@ALJScribbler) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/ALJScribbler/status/968240964174254082?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 26, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "I came across #RevPit on Twitter at a time when I was really, really struggling. My YA Fantasy, Storm Rising, had been rejected by lots of agents, having had a lot of full manuscript requests. If you've been there, you know how the hope makes the final rejection all the harder. But I knew I was close. I entered the contest, did all the related stuff on Twitter and loved it. Found a great bunch of friends through the process. I submitted two of my novels, to different editors. I got emails from four of the editors, Carly and Kisa, who asked for more material, and Sione and Katie, who both gave me great feedback on my submission. I wasn't picked as a winner, unfortunately, but both Katie, for The Nameless, and Carly, for Storm Rising, agreed to work on my novel with me, at a discounted rate for participating. Thus, I got two amazingly detailed and insightful manuscript development letters and edits at great value. Both manuscripts have now been signed by my agent and Storm Rising is due to be published in January 2019. I have no doubt that participation in the #Revpit contest made a significant difference to both manuscripts and my dreams of being published are now just around the corner. I've remained in touch with Carly and Katie since, and they have celebrated and cheered for me at every stage. The #Revpit editors are all a great bunch and I would recommend the contest and them as individual editors without reservation. \n\n \n-Stuart White, 2017 Entrant\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/MEGaertner/status/991012757024714752\"></a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "The #Revpit comp this spring was my first experience of this kind of online comp and I have to say it was sooo much fun.\n\nI was shaking, hitting submit- not sure if I would get my entry in on time, not sure how good the wifi was at my daughter's gym club, not sure if I'd worked the time difference out correctly! That was followed by the excitement of #10queries, which was in equal amounts, joyous and agonising. And then if that wasn't enough it was followed by some extremely generous and positive feedback. A wonderful experience and one I look forward to joining in again.\n\n-Emma Dykes, 2018 Mini-Event Entrant\n"
    -
        content: "I had a great experience during #RevPit 2017. I had never before participated in a writing contest, and the scale and supportive community of #RevPit was perfect for a clueless newbie. Communication and instructions were clear, editor profiles were informative and helpful, and editors were very responsive to questions on Twitter. And best of all, I met a ton of new writer friends via the hashtag, and joined up with some private chat groups to celebrate/commiserate together during and after the contest. #RevPit was instrumental in helping me learn how to be an author on Twitter, to interact in a way that bolsters my visibility, builds community and makes connections, and improves my craft. I also felt the editor feedback through teasers and #10queries was very helpful, even when they weren't talking about my submission.\n\n-E. M. Sheehan, 2017 Entrant\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">It was very helpful! While I was quite sure I knew which one was mine, I stuck around and read everyone&#39;s advice. I spent the weekend fixing up my query and starting pages and they are much stronger for it. Very happy I participated in the event and look forward to April.</p>&mdash; Jill Keller (@JFKellerAuthor) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/JFKellerAuthor/status/968211987976073223?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 26, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
rightBoxes:
    -
        content: "Last spring #RevPit put me on a spring board to success. I had shelved my second book after having no luck in the query trenches after two years and had recently finished CP edits my third book. This time around I really wanted to focus on revising and making my book as perfect as possible, as I had queried too early in the past, which is when I found out about #RevPit. My editor Sione was so attentive, and we ended up having several Skype chats about the revisions and solutions to issues she found in the manuscript. I learned a ton and it was so mentally boosting to have someone invested in the story. She was as encouraging as she was critical, and I always felt she had my best interests at heart. My book flourished under her expertise and became so much better. Now, I’m signed with a wonderful agent and that same book is currently on submission to editors at prominent publishing houses. Without #RevPit I’m confident that process would have been longer and harder. And I still chat with my fellow #RevPit winners in a group where we continue to help and support each other on our journeys. It truly is a community that will help you grow, and I’m forever grateful to this contest.\n\n \n-Liselle Sambury, 2018 Winner, Author of <i>Blood Like Magic</i>, Rep'd by Kristy Hunter at the Knight Agency\n"
    -
        content: "I loved absolutely every bit of my experience with #RevPit. It gave me a chance to really hone my query and opening pages so when I was ready to start sending them out to agents, they were in the best shape possible! The editors were all so lovely and friendly and KNOW THEIR STUFF! It was also wonderful getting to meet other YA writers who were at the same stage as me. If you're on the fence about entering... do it!\n\n-Erin Craig, 2017 Runner-up, Author of <i>House of Salt and Sorrows</i>, Rep'd by Sarah Landis at Sterling Lord Literistic\n"
    -
        content: "I worked with Megan through #RevPit and I couldn't be happier with the way she embraced my revision goals and elevated them with her experience and insight. She identified concrete ways to heighten the stakes, tighten pacing, deepen characters, and tweak scenes to increase reader engagement. I learned so much about craft - lessons I'll put to use in my next book! Megan's developmental and line editing were instrumental in giving my manuscript the polish it needed to attract an offer of representation from my agent.\n\n-Maggie North, 2022 Winner, Author of <i>Rules for Second Chances</i> (Coming in 2024 from St. Martins), Rep'd by Claire Friedman at InkWell Management Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "RevPit changed so much for me. I'd just finished my first novel and had queried it without much response. I knew there were edits to make, but didn't know where to go with it. Through the leadup to RevPit, I learned craft tips from the editors and exchanged pages and queries with lots of other authors. That part of the experience alone was a huge help. \n\n During that process, I also met the wonderful ladies who eventually became my writing group that I remain in daily contact with, not to mention the networking with all sorts of other authors I'd call friends. My query, synopsis, and manuscript were much stronger before the editor choices were even made. \n\n But then there was the amazing experience of winning. Being chosen by Miranda Darrow for my almost-a-romantic-suspense novel was the 'next step' I needed. She taught me about story structure, character arcs, and how to achieve a deeper point-of-view. She gave me a ton of ideas on how to level up both the novel and my skills. And it was so successful, it went from no requests to winning the Romance Writers of America's Vivian Award for Most Anticipated Romance in 2021!\n\n I can't recommend the entire RevPit experience enough. Whether you are chosen by an editor or not, the process can be a winning one. \n\n-Janet Oppedisano, 2020 Winner, Author of <i>Burning Caine</i>\n"
    -
        content: "I came to RevPit not really knowing what to expect, or what I needed. I'd been bouncing off of queries and full requests without usable feedback, and my book was stuck in a rut where there was something missing I couldn't put a finger on. I didn't expect to be picked as a winner, and I never expected just how much life Megan would breathe back into my writing. Megan was everything I could have dreamed of in an editor; supportive, incisive and imaginative. She picked apart the elements of my story that I'd been stuck on for months, and helped me bring new depth to the narrative and characters.\n\nIt took a while longer than I hoped, but in November 2022 I signed with Laura Bennet at the Liverpool Literary Agency, and it won't be long till we send <i>The Potent Solution</i> out on submission. \n\n-Ashley Spindler, 2021 Winner, Rep'd by Laura Bennet at the Liverpool Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "Before being part of Revise and Resub, I'd never truly revised a book before. My experience taught me how to get to the emotional heart of the story I wanted to write, and build outward from there. It was an invaluable lesson and has made me a much stronger writer! \n\n-Hannah Whitten, 2017 Winner, Author of <i>For the Wolf</i>, Rep'd by Whitney Ross at Irene Goodman Literary Agency\n"
    -
        content: "RevPit has been a game-changer for me, and I can't recommend it enough. The application process itself was a great incentive to take my book to the finishing line, but being selected as one of the winners gave me the self-belief I needed to double down on my efforts. My editor, Miranda Darrow, not only opened my eyes to all the problem areas holding back my manuscript, but also showed me how to elevate my overall storytelling. Her guidance on foreshadowing and pace was especially invaluable. I feel I've grown as a writer in a way that will benefit not just this book, but future ones too. Additionally, both Miranda and the board had some great suggestions on how to present my story to potential agents. I'm extremely grateful for their insight throughout the whole process. I've also enjoyed connecting with my fellow RevPitters. They're all amazing writers and make the most supportive community an aspiring author can ask for, especially while wading through the difficult process of querying. If you are thinking about taking your writing skills to the next level, please, please, please, apply to RevPit. It's an incredible opportunity and the rewards are truly great.\n\n-Laura Magno, 2022 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/KJHarrowick/status/1375183800506798084\"></a></blockquote>\n\n When Carly chose my story for RevPit, I was terrified. And also kept refreshing the announcements page certain I was hallucinating. The pacing was too fast, the end was a mess, and I was absolutely certain she would want me to cut one of the main characters. Seriously, there were bets on this. But right away I realized Carly saw the best in my story and the potential for something greater. Every time I read her words, or chatted with her online, she had such a graceful way of probing me with questions and helping to simplify complex plotlines. Carly helped my story do a full 180 degrees from kinda there to a solid first glimpse at The Hidden Flames Artifact universe. She’s an invaluable editor, cheerleader and friend, and both my book and career are stronger because of her.\n\n -K.J. Harrowick, 2020 Winner, Author of <i>Bloodflower</i>\n"
    -
        content: "I was lucky enough to get into #RevPit last year, and get the incomparable Jeni Chapelle as my editor. I'd worked with CPs and betas on my MS, but Jeni was something else entirely. Her ideas were spectacular, and helped me turn what was a pretty good story into something much better. She worked me hard--three major edits in the five weeks, and I cut a lot (which I needed and wanted) and added quite a bit. I would say that #RevPit isn't for someone who just wants to be told their work is good. You must want to work very hard to make improvements to your story, and be willing to listen to your editors suggestions, as well as feel free to offer your own. Jeni and I brainstormed some bits together, and over the contest, we became friends. I have recommended her to every writer I know, I think, and cannot say enough wonderful things about her skills and her thoughtfulness. She taught me so many tricks that I will use for the rest of my writing career. \n\nI also want to add that I made some close writer friends from the contest, and am in a chat with them. We write in different genres, but we still come together daily to support each other, and brainstorm, and sometimes just to rant and vent. \n\nRevPit seriously changed my writing, and I encourage everyone who has a MS ready to go to enter. \n\n*Five hundred exclamation points were edited out of this testimonial because when I talk about Jeni and RevPit, I tend to gush.\n\n \n-MJ Marshall, 2017 Winner, Rep'd by Jennifer Grimaldi at Chalberg & Sussman\n"
    -
        content: "RevPit transformed not just my book but the writer who penned it. Working with editor Ellen Brock challenged me in ways that no writing workshop or advice book ever had.\n\nAfter my novel BAD PARTS won RevPit, I received a ten-page edit letter from Ellen. She held nothing back, giving an honest, logical critique of everything that needed fixing. Once I decided which changes I wanted to make, we worked relentlessly at restructuring the plot, rethinking character arcs, and trimming fat in all its forms. I then rewrote my entire book from scratch--a process that took me well beyond the six-week RevPit season.\n\nThankfully Ellen understood my position and offered to provide feedback on my revised draft at a later date. Her flexibility coupled with her sharp knowledge of the craft allowed me to make amazing strides as a writer. Cannot thank her and RevPit enough for the opportunity.\n\n--Brandon McNulty, Author of <i>Bad Parts</i> and <i>Entry Wounds</i>, 2018 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "I feel so lucky that Victoria Griffin chose me as her mentee in the 2017 RevPit contest. Over the course of five weeks - with Victoria's help - I revised my entire manuscript twice. It was grueling, but it felt great. She pointed out my weaknesses and pushed me to make difficult changes. Shortly after RevPit ended, I started sending my manuscript out to agents. I was terrified, but I felt ready. In October I received two offers of representation and signed with my dream agent at Writers House. \n\nI couldn't be happier, but I know I did not get here on my own. \n\nSo many writers, editors, and industry professionals donate their time to contests like RevPit. They give new writers much-needed feedback. More importantly, they give us hope and encouragement. The best way I can thank the organizers and editors involved in RevPit is to vow that I'll pay their generosity forward.\n\nTHANK YOU!\n\n-Julie Carrick Dalton, 2017 Winner, Rep'd by Stacy Testa at Writers House\n"
    -
        content: "As a 2019 RevPit winner, I can't say enough good things about this contest! This was my first experience working with a professional editor, as well as my introduction to revising on a deadline. It was so wonderfully gratifying to see the heart of my story shine through more and more brightly with each pass, and I learned a great deal about the edit process that prepared me for working with my agent — who I signed with as a result of RevPit! Between all of that and the supportive writing community I found through the contest, RevPit was truly a fork in the road of my writing career, one for which I am incredibly thankful.\n\n-Kristina Mahr, 2019 Winner, Rep'd by Kaitlyn Johnson at Belcastro Agency\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">I participated last year, got amazing feedback &amp; although I wasn&#39;t chosen, I decided to work w/ <a href=\"https://twitter.com/saeding?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">@saeding</a> &amp; her editorial suggestions were on point. I have never NOT learned something from the editors at <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/RevPit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#RevPit</a> Definitely upped my writing game. THANK YOU <a href=\"https://t.co/ISKCsOCKzW\">pic.twitter.com/ISKCsOCKzW</a></p>&mdash; Katja 🐢 (@BastiansMom) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/BastiansMom/status/968543087646724096?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 27, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "Before RevPit, I knew the craft basics of how to write and edit and polish, but I was missing a vital ingredient. Revising and rewriting. I didn’t know how to dig into the bones of my story and rebuild it into something new and, at the same time, what it was always trying to be. My editor, Kyle, helped me find the deeper threads of my story and spin them into gold. He asked questions and pushed me to stretch my thinking and go deeper and bigger, and it resulted in a much more compelling story that I’m very proud of and absolutely in love with. I now have the tools to approach revision with confidence, and I think everything I am writing is stronger because of this. My RevPit novel very recently made the long-list in the WriteMentor Children’s Novel Award, and I’m excited to see what happens next!\n\n-Loretta Chefchaouni, 2018 Winner\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/MKNZdavis/status/990304203808456704\"></a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "I had a GREAT experience. Following the editors and reading their Tweets, blogs, and teasers was like an education in writing and revising, and that's before I received any specific feedback.\n\n \nSione Aeschliman picked my submission as one of the \"Final 10\" and I was able to send additional pages. While she didn't pick my book in the long run, she still sent paragraphs of feedback that were precise and helpful and clear, giving me plenty to adjust in the book. \n\nAll that, and everyone was kind, helpful, supportive, and professional. For free.\n\n \nWorth writing twice. For. Free.\n\n \nIn addition, I contacted Sione after the contest was over and hired her to do a developmental edit of my novel.   I'd been considering hiring an editor for a while, but decided against it because I didn't know who I could trust to hire. Through RevPit, I got to know editors and their writing/editing philosophies, approaches, and styles of feedback. Without #RevPit, it's very possible that my novel would be in far worse shape today. Instead, it's with four agents who expressed interest last weekend at a writer's conference.\n\n \n-Mike Flanagan, 2017 Entrant\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">The <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/10queries?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#10queries</a> event gave some excellent insight into first impressions and potential issues for a number of genres, with more detail than you usually see from agents on the hashtag. I wish I could&#39;ve seen some of the full entries. Thanks, team! :)</p>&mdash; Claire Winn (@Atomic_Pixie) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/Atomic_Pixie/status/968273637513023488?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 26, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
    -
        content: "I loved participating in the 2017 #RevPit event. You were clear about the requirements, and what contestants should expect. And you certainly whet our appetites!\n\n \nYou gave us tantalizing tidbits into your personalities as the contest progressed, which allowed the hopeful writers the opportunity to imagine which of you we would like to work with in the future.\n\n \n*YOU* participated! This was a very different experience than, say, pitch contests where writers are trying to grab the attention of an editor or agent.\n\nGenerosity and Community. Those would be the highlights, for me, of the entire #RevPit experience.\n\n \n-Liza Keogh, 2017 Entrant\n"
    -
        content: "<blockquote class=\"twitter-tweet\" data-conversation=\"none\" data-lang=\"en\"><p lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\">It was the first time I participated and followed along, and I personally found it super helpful. The query letter portion was particularly nice, and much more effective than me just googling &quot;how to do a query letter&quot; and hoping for the best. 😆 <a href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/revpit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">#revpit</a> <a href=\"https://t.co/36wX6PZ9Dy\">pic.twitter.com/36wX6PZ9Dy</a></p>&mdash; Steve Retka (@steveretka) <a href=\"https://twitter.com/steveretka/status/968201145058562048?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw\">February 26, 2018</a></blockquote>\n"
---

<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
